README.md, before:

# Experimental Client-side JavaScript library for Stackdriver Error Reporting

> **This is not an official Google product.** This module is experimental and may not be ready for use.
> This module uses APIs that may be undocumented and are subject to change without notice.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js.svg)](https://david-dm.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js)

This **experimental** library provides Stackdriver Error Reporting support for client-side web JavaScript applications.
[Stackdriver Error Reporting](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/) is a feature of Google Cloud Platform that allows in-depth monitoring and viewing of errors reported by applications running in almost any environment. For server-side Node.js error reporting, use [this other library](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-errors-nodejs).

Here's an introductory video:

[![Learn about Error Reporting in Stackdriver](https://img.youtube.com/vi/cVpWVD75Hs8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVpWVD75Hs8)

## Prerequisites

1. You need a [Google Cloud project](https://console.cloud.google.com).
1. [Enable the Stackdriver Error Reporting API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/clouderrorreporting.googleapis.com/overview) for your project.

## Quickstart

1. **Create an API key:**

  Follow [these instructions](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6158862) to get an API key for your project.

1. **Load and initialize the experimental library**

  Add this line in your HTML code, before `</head>` and replace `<my-api-key>` and `<my-project-id>` with your API key and Google Cloud project ID string:

```HTML
<!-- Warning: This is an experimental library, do not use it on production environments -->
<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js/v0.0.4/dist/stackdriver-errors-concat.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
var errorHandler = new StackdriverErrorReporter();
errorHandler.start({
  key: '<my-api-key>',
  projectId: '<my-project-id>'
});
</script>
```


And that's all you need to do! Unhandled exceptions will now automatically be reported to your project.

**Test your setup**

Open the page that you instrumented, open the Devtools console and enter the following to trigger an unhandled exception:

```JS
(function testErrorReporting() {window.onerror(null, null, null, null, new Error('Test: Something broke!'));})();
```

  Open Stackdriver Error Reporting at https://console.cloud.google.com/errors to view the error and opt-in to notifications on new errors.

## Setup

### Initialization

Here are all the initialization options available:

```HTML
<!-- Warning: This is an experimental library, do not use it on production environments -->
<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js/v0.0.4/dist/stackdriver-errors-concat.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
var errorHandler = new StackdriverErrorReporter();
errorHandler.start({
  key: '<my-api-key>',
  projectId: '<my-project-id>',
  service: '<my-service>',              // (optional)
  version: '<my-service-version>'       // (optional)
  // reportUncaughtExceptions: false    // (optional) Set to false to stop reporting unhandled exceptions.
  // disabled: true                     // (optional) Set to true to not report errors when calling report(), this can be used when developping locally.
});
</script>
```

### Usage

You can change your code to report errors:

When catching an exception:

```JS
try {
  doSomethingRisky();
} catch (e) {
  errorHandler.report(e);
}
```

or anytime:

```JS
errorHandler.report('Something broke!');
```

### Source maps

Only publicly available JavaScript source maps are supported.

Your minified file need to be appended with a comment directive to your source map file:
```JS
//# sourceMappingURL=http://example.com/path/to/your/sourcemap.map
```

## FAQ

**Q: Should I use this code in my production application?** A: This is an experimental library. We do not recommend using it on production yet.

**Q: Are private source maps supported?** A: No

## Developing the library

Install developer dependencies with `npm install --dev` and install `gulp` with `npm install -g gulp`

* Run `gulp` to test your changes.
* Run `gulp dist` generates the minified version.

Start a web server at the root of this repo and open `demo/demo.html` to test reporting errors from the local library with your API key and project ID.

Commit message:

recommend restricting to HTTP referrer

README.md, after:

# Experimental Client-side JavaScript library for Stackdriver Error Reporting

> **This is not an official Google product.** This module is experimental and may not be ready for use.
> This module uses APIs that may be undocumented and are subject to change without notice.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js.svg)](https://david-dm.org/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js)

This **experimental** library provides Stackdriver Error Reporting support for client-side web JavaScript applications.
[Stackdriver Error Reporting](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/) is a feature of Google Cloud Platform that allows in-depth monitoring and viewing of errors reported by applications running in almost any environment. For server-side Node.js error reporting, use [this other library](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-errors-nodejs).

Here's an introductory video:

[![Learn about Error Reporting in Stackdriver](https://img.youtube.com/vi/cVpWVD75Hs8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVpWVD75Hs8)

## Prerequisites

1. You need a [Google Cloud project](https://console.cloud.google.com).
1. [Enable the Stackdriver Error Reporting API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/clouderrorreporting.googleapis.com/overview) for your project. We highly recommend to restrict the usage of the key to your website URL only using an 'HTTP referrer' restriction.

## Quickstart

1. **Create an API key:**

  Follow [these instructions](https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6158862) to get an API key for your project.

1. **Load and initialize the experimental library**

  Add this line in your HTML code, before `</head>` and replace `<my-api-key>` and `<my-project-id>` with your API key and Google Cloud project ID string:

```HTML
<!-- Warning: This is an experimental library, do not use it on production environments -->
<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js/v0.0.4/dist/stackdriver-errors-concat.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
var errorHandler = new StackdriverErrorReporter();
errorHandler.start({
  key: '<my-api-key>',
  projectId: '<my-project-id>'
});
</script>
```


And that's all you need to do! Unhandled exceptions will now automatically be reported to your project.

**Test your setup**

Open the page that you instrumented, open the Devtools console and enter the following to trigger an unhandled exception:

```JS
(function testErrorReporting() {window.onerror(null, null, null, null, new Error('Test: Something broke!'));})();
```

  Open Stackdriver Error Reporting at https://console.cloud.google.com/errors to view the error and opt-in to notifications on new errors.

## Setup

### Initialization

Here are all the initialization options available:

```HTML
<!-- Warning: This is an experimental library, do not use it on production environments -->
<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/stackdriver-errors-js/v0.0.4/dist/stackdriver-errors-concat.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
var errorHandler = new StackdriverErrorReporter();
errorHandler.start({
  key: '<my-api-key>',
  projectId: '<my-project-id>',
  service: '<my-service>',              // (optional)
  version: '<my-service-version>'       // (optional)
  // reportUncaughtExceptions: false    // (optional) Set to false to stop reporting unhandled exceptions.
  // disabled: true                     // (optional) Set to true to not report errors when calling report(), this can be used when developping locally.
});
</script>
```

### Usage

You can change your code to report errors:

When catching an exception:

```JS
try {
  doSomethingRisky();
} catch (e) {
  errorHandler.report(e);
}
```

or anytime:

```JS
errorHandler.report('Something broke!');
```

### Source maps

Only publicly available JavaScript source maps are supported.

Your minified file need to be appended with a comment directive to your source map file:
```JS
//# sourceMappingURL=http://example.com/path/to/your/sourcemap.map
```

## FAQ

**Q: Should I use this code in my production application?** A: This is an experimental library. We do not recommend using it on production yet.

**Q: Are private source maps supported?** A: No

## Developing the library

Install developer dependencies with `npm install --dev` and install `gulp` with `npm install -g gulp`

* Run `gulp` to test your changes.
* Run `gulp dist` generates the minified version.

Start a web server at the root of this repo and open `demo/demo.html` to test reporting errors from the local library with your API key and project ID.
